well howdy there Internet people its
bubble again I was busy answering the
the comments in my last video on YouTube
all the ones saying that no we're not
really going down this road to fascism
we're not headed towards genocide this
would never happen here they're not
concentration camps we're not
dehumanizing people
I was busy replying to all of that when
news broke that border guards were
laughing about telling a mother to drink
out of a toilet the part that we really
need to remember is that that Facebook
group made up of these guys it was
exposed and they were fully aware of
that these inspections were coming so
much so that they were taken they were
talking about doing a GoFundMe in case
somebody had the courage to throw a
burrito at a OC because you know that's
not suddenly racist at all they were
aware they were going to be inspected by
Congress people and this wasn't
concealed they thought this was okay and
when it was brought up to a superior
well sometimes they act out act out
their federal law enforcement they're
not toddlers those are your prisoners
act out these are arms people operating
under the authority of the United States
this didn't happen in in Iraq it didn't
happen in Afghanistan didn't happen at
some black site this happened on US soil
US law enforcement the statistics are
very very clear sexual abuse is rampant
the conditions are deplorable it's
inhumane but they're laughing about it
because that dehumanization has already
started it's already started
they're not real people they've been
drinking out of toilets like a dog and
that's part of it that is part of this
trend it's part of the stages this is
what makes it really easy when that
order comes down we need to evacuate
these people and by evacuate I mean into
a ditch if you can sit there and laugh
at a mother being told to drink out of a
toilet you'll probably be okay with
putting a bullet in the back of her head
we are headed to some very very dark
times what people need to remember is
that civilian gun violence is nothing it
is nothing in the grand scheme of things
if you look at the statistics it's a
blip guns don't kill people
governments do and we're on our way
you've got to start calling you've got
to start marching you've got to start
doing whatever it is you feel
comfortable doing this has got to stop
otherwise it goes to a really bad place
this is what wasn't concealed they
thought this was okay and the supervisor
wrote it off is acting out your federal
law enforcement you don't get to act out
these are people you're supposed to be
caring for asylum seeking is legal it is
legal they're engaging in a lawful
activity and you've got them in a cage
telling them to drink out of a toilet
because they're the other they're not
real people they're illegals you can
keep saying it won't happen here and
then you're gonna have to face the fact
that a lot of it already is happening a
lot of the things and this is discussed
in that last video there are five things
that are considered genocide four of
them are already happening the only one
that isn't is mass killing and we're
making it really easy to do that make
America great anyway it's just a fault
y'all have a good night